The abstract is coming along, but I don't completely feel that it
makes clear what the experimental question and conclusion are. Here is
my understanding about what you showed:

1. People can infer underlying parameters in complex dynamical scenes.

2. Their behavior is qualitatively consistent with that of an ideal
   observer that performs probabilistic inference in a generative
   model that approximates Newtonian mechanics.

3. This type of inference is non-trivial, but a simulation-based
   representation of the generative model applied within a Monte Carlo
   sampling regime can make the inferences and (perhaps) offers
   plausible means for explaining people's deviations from optimal
   performance.

You should say each of these things in the abstract, or whatever
subset you feel are the main points. Also because this would be a
poster I think you can be a little more speculative because you have
time to nail things down, plus it's only a poster.

Here is a rough outline: 
**

We ask: How do people learn about the underlying physical parameters
of objects, such as mass and friction, from their interactions in
complex, dynamical scenes? These parameters cannot be observed
directly and their influence on the sequence of dynamics is often
complicated and difficult to resolve unambiguously, yet people can
still do it. We propose that this learning can be viewed as
probabilistic inference in a generative model that approximates
Newtonian mechanics/rigid-body dynamics. We expressed this hypothesis
within a model whose central mechanism is a "predict,
compare-with-observation, update" procedure based on physical
simulation and Monte Carlo sampling. We examined how people judge the
relative masses of objects that are stacked in complex configurations
and that are subjected to the effects of gravity, collisions,
dynamics. Our results show that people can rapidly learn the relative
masses, and that their judgments are qualitatively consistent with
those of the physics-aware model observer, but also deviate in key
ways that may be explained by information and resource
limitations. This is an important step in understanding how people
perceive and reason about the physical nature of their environment,
and provides a working framework for modeling and testing people's
inferences about unobserved properties in complex, real-world scenes.
